**This repository is is no longer maintained. Please see
[ORxPi](https://github.com/Outernet-Project/orx-rpi#orx-build-for-raspbery-pi)
for the new way of building your own receiver.**

# ORx install scripts

This repository contains a collection of scripts for setting up devices for
receiving and managing Outernet broadcast content.

## Err... what's ORx?

ORx is pronouced "Oh-Rex" and stands for Outernet Receiver X. "X" stands for
home-made device.

## Supported devices and configurations

Please take note Raspberry Pi v1 is the only version supported at this time.
The v2 has an ARM v7 processor, which is UNSUPPORTED.

The following distributions are supported by the scripts in this repository:

- [Raspbian](raspbian) (Raspberry Pi v1, ARM v6)
- [Arch Linux ARM](archarm) (Raspberry Pi v1, ARM v6)

Following DVB-S/S2 tuners have been tested with above systems:

- PCTV 460e (USB)
- PCTV 461e (USB, only on Arch Linux ARM with kernel >= 3.16)
- Geniatech HDStar TV box (USB, only gen2)

For access point setup, following Wi-Fi dongles have been tested:

- TP-Link TL-WN722N (Atheros)
- Edimax EW-7811UN (Realtek)

Wi-Fi dongles currently not working:

- Ralink RT5370

## Howto

Please read the `README.mkd` files in each of the distribution directories.

## Known issues

The following usses are confirmed and bug reports have already been filed. Also
look at the [issue tracker](https://github.com/Outernet-Project/orx-install/issues) for more
information.

### PCTV 461e not appearing in TVHeadend on Raspberry Pi model B+

Raspberry Pi B+ may have issues with powering the PCTV 461e via its USB hub.
Using an externally powered (self-powered) USB hub seems to solve this. You can
detect whether you have this particular issue by looking at your system log and
checking whether it contains the following item:

    usb 1-1-port2: over-current change

You can do this by unplugging the tuner, then plug it back in, and then run the
following command on your Raspberry Pi:

    dmesg | tail | grep "over-current change"
-dev

If this returns a line similar to the example above, it means you probably need
a powered USB hub. This has nothing to do with the PCTV's own external power
adaptor which powers the LNB. 

### Hotspot with Edimax dongle may cause wired network to not function

Cause is still undetermined.

### Only Geniatech HDStar gen2 works

TODO: How to tell the difference before buying?

## Transponders

For information about the transponders please see [transponders.mkd](./docs/transponders.mkd)

## Reporting bugs, feature requests, and discussion

Please use the [GitHub issue
tracker](https://github.com/Outernet-Project/orx-install/issues) to report
issues and feature requests. For general discussions, post in [our
forum](https://discuss.outernet.is/category/outernet-software) or join us on [chat](https://gitter.im/Outernet-Project/orx-install).

## License

These scripts are free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

ONDD (Outernet Data Delivery agent) installed by these scripts is distributed 
under separate license.

